# UserConsultation 

The MAGIC partners involved have close contacts with representatives from the sector for which they intend to deliver tailored products. Part of that interaction takes place via the C3S Sectoral Information Systems (SIS). Each of the sectoral demos applied in C3S-MAGIC is linked to such a SIS project: WISC for coastal areas, SWICCA for the hydrological sector, and CLIM4ENERGY for the energy sector.

The software requirements imposed on this tender by the different sectors are based on user requests in the ongoing networks and planned activities in the SIS tenders by the participants. For instance, in SWICCA the user requests will be derived from a survey including 15 case-studies across Europe, dealing with water management related to water allocation and drought (in Spain and Italy), Risk management of floods (in Austria, Slovakia and Sweden), Ecological status (in Greece, Italy and Sweden) and Industrial use (in Greece, Germany, The Netherlands and Sweden). The case-studies for water management cover potential future changes in, for instance, withdrawals permissions, impact-based forecasts, hydropower regulation schemes, biodiversity, or drinking water supply. 

Common to most sectoral management practice is the local scope of most issues and data needed to support the decision making process. Therefore pan-European datasets as provided by the current tender need to be merged with local data by local authorities or consultancies. Information from Global Climate Projections needs to be easily accessible, interpretable and transformed into appropriate resolution and formats. 
User consultations conducted so far point at difficulties with resolution, map projections, interpretation of variables, unclear metadata and unknown reliability of the projections. User-specific characteristics of metrics and indices produced by MAGIC (such as selection of region, variables and model aggregation), will be specified.
